docs: update Vsock documentation (#1771)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/vsock.md

mediates communication between AF_UNIX sockets (on the host end) and AF_VSOCK
sockets (on the guest end).

> In order to provide channel multiplexing, AF_VSOCK ports on the guest side,
> are translated into multiple AF_UNIX sockets (one Unix socket per vsock port)
> on the host side. The virtio-vsock device must be configured with a file path
> to an AF_UNIX socket on the host (e.g. `/path/to/v.sock`). There are two
> scenarios to be considered, depending on where the connection is initiated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to provide channel multiplexing the guest AF_VSOCK ports are mapped 1:1 to 
AF_UNIX sockets on the host. The virtio-vsock device must be configured with a path to an AF_UNIX socket on the host (e.g. `/path/to/v.sock`). There are two scenarios to be considered, depending on where the connection is initiated.
```

Author: done
